Release/v0.1.1 (#5)
iExecBlockchainComputing/whitelist-smart-contract: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.1.1]

### Changed

- **\[BREAKING\]** Fixed method name `addResourceToWhitelist`
- **\[BREAKING\]** Fixed method name `removeResourceFromWhitelist`

> - Throw early when params are missing in scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Throw an issue earlier when params are missing in scripts
```
